Rapyd-Tk version history.

Version 0.1.2   2010-08-01
    Added form export/import.
    We wern't checking for missing widget definitions at load time. Fixed.
    Tkinter.Text PgUp/PgDn are not always symertical. Added code to handle
        PgUp/PgDn ourself and now it *is* symetrical.
    Text editor rememberance stack now remembers column position as well
        as line number.
    Following a search we no longer select the found text.
    In the config file, Tkinter.Listbox xscrollcommand and yscrollcommand
        options are now set to be of type "command". Previously they were,
        erroniously, set to be of type "text".
    Added "Tkinter.wantobjects = False" to put Tkinter functionality back
        to what it was previously.
    Python is now reporting errors somewhat differently. Added code to
        rpErrorHandler to play nicely with this new format.
    Added a check to disallow exporting the main form of the main module.

Version 0.1.1   2007-0108
    In config file, fixed typo in pyclass default specification of Pmw
        ScrolledCanvas.
    If the user set the "pyclass" option of a widget whose donor module had
        been imported using the "import <module>" form then we were, 
        erroniously, prepending the module name to the user supplied pyclass
        value. Fixed.
    Revised help messages to reference the new 'rapyd@bitflipper' email
        address and the 'www.bitflipper.ca/rapyd' web site.
    Frame-insert help page was missing diagrams, now added.

Version 0.1.0   2006-12-17
    Bumped the version up to 0.1.x both because Rapyd has been in use long
        enough that some signs of stability are seen and because the 
        "pyclass" feature is not downward compatible.
    Added the "pyclass" option to all widgets and updated the help messages.
    At new-binding time if there was already a handler with a longer name
        which matched the name of the new handler (eg existing handler
        "yada_Button_D" vs new handler "yada_Button") then we were failing
        to create the new handler because we, erroniously, thought a handler
        of the required name already existed. Fixed.
    Fixed a number of nasty bugs which could happen when frames were created
        or deleted.
    Added "Frame insert" feature to layout area right-click popup.
    Up until now we have, erroniously, been allowing users to insert spaces
        in systext. Fixed.
    Revised the line-outdent logic. Previously we would not outdent if we were
        at the left of the line, which was technically correct in being the
        exact inverse of line-indent. Now if at the left of the line we delete
        spaces to the right which seems a bit more intuitive.

Version 0.0.7   2006-05-13
    Code-editor 'outdent-block' action was refusing to outdent empty lines.
        Fixed.

Version 0.0.6   2006-05-12
    From rpOptions.py removed the legacy "font_Assist" and made the 
        "dim_Assist" into a pro-forma dummy.
    All use of Pmw widgets removed. Rapyd-Tk is no longer dependent on Pmw, 
        although it continues to support Pmw for user projects.
    Added missing help topic 'bindassist.badcomponent'.
    Code editor schemas wern't properly handling the font specification. Fixed.
    Changed the default code editor front to ('Terminal','12'). Was previously
        an X font string.
    The previous demonstration project "RapydDemo.rpj" used Pmw widgets. Replaced
        it with a simple calculator which does not depend on Pmw.
    Revised the default font specifications to be in points, not pixels
    For the zip-compressed version we now put windows-style CRLF line endings
        on all the text files. Was just LF.
    Some version of pythonn (eg 2.2 under windows) do not report, in the 
        traceback list, the name of the file in which a syntax-class error was
        detected. We now handle this case gracefully, although we can not
        display the offending line since we don't know the file.
    Some versions of windows get upset if, when spawning a program, you pass ''
        as the first argument. When running a project we now pass a dummy first
        argument to keep windows happy.

Version 0.0.5   2006-05-06
    Revised 'rapyd.template' so there is no try/accept for modules other than
        the main module.
    At project-run time when we are about to swtich to the current-working-
        directory to the project directory we check for a project directory of
        '' (meaning the current directory) and in that case do nothing.   
    Revised 'rapyd.template' to add code that adds the current directory to
        sys.path to so we can find other modules of the project.    
    At new-module-create and at module-rename times we were checking in the 
        current directory for existing (non-project) modules of the same name
        when we should have been checking in the project directory. Fixed.    
    For the Tkinter "text" widget, "wrap" option, for no-wrap the config file
        specified None (the Python object) when it should have specified the
        text string "none". Fixed.        

Version 0.0.4   2006-05-04
    At startup we were neglecting to close the template file. Fixed.
    At project-run time we now switch the current-working-directory to be the
        projects directory, to facilitate import of project modules.
    More revisions to the run-time error handler; there were a couple of
        cases it wasn't handling properly. There are an annoyingly large number
        of cases to be handled, at last count 23, all of which have to be tested
        when a change is made to the handler.

Version 0.0.3   2006-04-29
    Many changes to the run-time error handler module rpErrorHandler. It
        wasn't properly handling errors when the project was in a different
        directory than rapyd and it wasn't properly dealing with some errors
        detected during the nominal syntax error check.
    Made some cosmetic corrections to the RapydDemo project.
    Removed spurious debug message from font assist dialog.
    Removed unused routine "CenterOnWidget" from RapydDemo project.    
    In README.TXT added reference to the "<project-name>.dec" decoder file
        needed by rpErrorHandler in standalone mode.
    Fixed a bug which, if there were one or more bindings on the outer-most
        frame of a form, generated corrupt code to create the bindings.
    The event wizard was improperly retaining detail (key or button) information
        when an event type was changed from key to some other type or from 
        button to some other type. Fixed.

Version 0.0.2   2006-04-25
    Fixed a problem in the directory-select routine (used at new project time)
        which was apparently a result of a change in Tkinter.

Version 0.0.1   2006-04-24
    Added shebang line at top of rapyd.py

Version 0.0.0
    Initial alpha release